Oh, what a big vinegar
Who knocked over the vinegar jar at home?
You told me there was no White Moonlight ex-girlfriend.
I lied to you.
So jealous
I am very happy.
Hey
I'm so angry.
I just want to know what's going on with you and him
Come sit
The reason why I made an engagement with Yang Yujie
It's because of his brother
When I was on a mission with his brother
Encountered a sneak attack
His brother sacrificed himself to save me
The only thing he couldn't worry about before he died
It's his sister Yang Yujie
He asked me to marry her
So the engagement was made
Then why didn't you go?
He got along with a cadre
Why would he want you when he's already married?
I heard that her husband seemed to have passed away.
Then he happens to be a free man now
It's convenient to go, you forgot.
We have already received the certificate.
You mean I'm delaying you?
Otherwise, get a divorce now and set you free
What nonsense?
I don't like Yang Yunjie
The only woman I love is you for four years
Not angry now
Who said that? I'm still angry
Then I apologize to you, okay?
No, I'm not a little demon
Not so easy to catch fire
How about this?